Docs changes for Hadoop FS default (#23366)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/object-storage/file-system-s3.md

* - Property
  - Description
* - `fs.native-s3.enabled`
  - Activate the native implementation for S3 storage support. Defaults to

>     `false`. Must be set to `true` for all other properties be used.

Reviewer: Maybe 

```suggestion
    `false`. Set to `true` use S3 and enable all other properties.
```
